
---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: MIS
date: 2020-01-26
labels:
---

Aloha, my name is Nate, and I am majoring in Accounting and Management Information Systems. Born and raised on a small island in the Pacific, Guam has been my home for many years. Growing up, I was taught the fundamentals and principles of having financial stability and the importance of understanding how the world is revolving around technology and information. When I first started out at the University of Hawaii at Manoa, I majored in Accounting but after a year of classes I realized that I wanted to be more involved with technology and how it coincides with business. At the end of my second year in college, I finally decided to double major in Accounting and Management Information Systems. 

One of the reasons why I decided to major in business was because of a college fair that was hosted at my high school in Guam. I was introduced to Shidler, the School of Business, during my senior year in high school and the recruiters mentioned that Shidler provides international programs for their students that help them connect and network with people and organizations around the world. Heavily excited, I decided to major in Accounting because there is a big demand for accountants in Guam. After completing my general education requirements for Accounting, I felt that I also needed to familiarize myself with technology because in today’s world, technology and information is incorporated in everybody’s lives. I decided to also major in MIS so that I can become familiar with the programs and software’s that many companies and organizations use. 

When I first entered college, I set goal to graduate with a degree in Accounting and become a Certified Public Accountant, but I realized that having a background in two of the most heavily demanded requirements in businesses today, computers and information, I decided to also major in MIS. With ITM 352 being my first MIS course, I am heavily intrigued and excited to learn about the software’s and programs that are used in businesses today. With hard work comes with great success, I understand that this course is meant to be challenging and vigorous but that is what makes it interesting. My overall goal is to absorb all the knowledge and teachings in the realm of MIS and apply it to Accounting. Saying this, I am very excited for ITM 352 this semester!









